Subtitles by Jeong@Netflix
Je-hee, try this too. It looks good.
I guess food really needs salt.
It's incredible that your restaurant
hasn't shut down.
That's tree bark. Not food.
Ski resorts are opening soon.
-Want to go skiing?
-You know how to ski?
Of course. What can't I do?
I'm good at everything but baseball.
I need to use the bathroom.
Where's the restroom?
Walk straight, and you'll see it.
-It's a little far.
-Okay.
I'll go with you.
Look, I'm not a child.
Plus, it's light out. I'm fine.
It's inside a large cafe. It's safe.
CHARGES MADE
Chef Je-hee Kim's negligence
resulted in the Complainant's injury.
It's supposed to be first snowfall,
but it's raining instead.
It looks like it'll pour soon.
If it rains, let's drink coffee
by the Han River.
Sure. Let's do everything you want to do.
Je-hee, is everything okay?
With me?
Yes.
Why?
Nothing. I'm just asking.
But...
can we go snowboarding instead?
Do you know how to snowboard?
Je-hee.
I told you, there's nothing I cannot do.
Seriously...
You're good at bragging too.
Why are you not annoying
even when you're being conceited?
That's...
It tastes good.
SEOBU PENITENTIARY
You won't run into him
if you don't work in the greenhouse,
so hang in there for two months.
Don't tell the warden about this.
I feel bad asking.
He already knows.
He freaked out, saying he'd send
Chief Yeom back to Daegu,
so I said to excuse you
from your labor assignment.
People started saying
you get preferential treatment.
If reporters get a whiff,
it'll only hurt you.
It's crap!
You have two and a half months left.
Let's avoid crap.
Aren't they announcing the decision
on Min-chul's parole today?
That's right. It's today.
-He should get it, right?
-Of course.
I looked at his file,
and he didn't cause trouble once.
He has the maximum merit points too.
He never even cursed at a guard.
Wow. How could he live like that
for over 20 years?
He's the only person in this prison
who admits his crime and regrets it.
Exactly. He has to get out.
He came in 1995,
so how many years has it been?
The warden should know by now. Let's go.
How can you read the Bible right now?
You may get out of here
before I do at this rate.
I have an entire week left,
but you may get out in three days,
if you are approved.
That's a good thing.
Are you actually jealous?
When was I jealous?
I'm just saying.
God... Everything I do
annoys you, doesn't it?
Yeah. You realize that now?
Let's fight.
He's coming.
Min-chul, I can't wait either.
Everyone's in the warden's office.
Let's go.
WARDEN'S OFFICE
Will they announce
the result on the phone?
They send a written notice,
but they call the high-profile ones first.
Min-chul is famous,
so they'll probably call first.
They should've decided by now.
Right. He can't wait in his cell.
Hiya!
Huh?
What's the good word?
It was approved, right?
It wasn't.
Excuse me?
That's absurd.
How could Min-chul be rejected?
How could that happen?
We should follow the rules!
We did follow the rules.
We submitted the request by the rules,
and about 10 to 20% of the applications
get rejected.
Damn it...
He was rejected because he was unlucky.
Don't complain here.
Lieutenant Paeng.
Please, stay within your boundaries, okay?
I know you want to get out
as soon as possible, but what can we do?
We were only notified.
Still, the Christmas special pardon
is coming up too.
There are more opportunities.
You'll get it for sure next time.
I'm sure.
I'm so upset. My insides feel crushed.
I feel bad now.
Sorry.
-Let's go eat.
-What the fuck? "Sorry"?
He's been waiting every second
of every day for this day.
What? "Sorry"?
How could you say "Sorry," so lightly
to someone who's been waiting
for this day for 22 years?
Right.
Is this like you stepping
on someone's foot in the street?
It's like you bumping
someone's shoulder, right?
Sure, it's nothing.
It's just a minor occurrence before lunch.
Just a "Sorry," like you're giving alms!
That will do, right?
Lieutenant. That's enough.
If you continue, you're done for.
Shit!
Let's go eat.
Damn it.
Hey.
Come in for some coffee.
I'll take him back.
Goodness...
Come on.
PRISON PLAYBOOK
Have some. You haven't eaten all day.
Where did Lieutenant Paeng Go?
His noodles will get cold.
I want to know why.
I'd like to officially ask the higher ups
for the reason.
Wait for now.
He served more than 80% of his sentence.
He never caused trouble for 22 years.
How could he be rejected for parole?
There must've been a mistake.
If you know someone up above, please ask.
If not, I'll submit a request
for an explanation.
I need to explain properly to Min-chul
-why he was rejected.
-I said to wait!
Why won't you fucking listen to me?
Why I ought to...
I thought it was strange
that Min-chul was rejected too,
so I asked around.
I know he's the most reformed
among all the crooks here,
and that he's a good man.
I know that, okay?
Whatever. I don't care.
What did they say? Why? What's the reason?
They probably saved him
for the Christmas special pardon.
They'll announce the Christmas
special pardon prisoners soon.
They say if he wasn't selected this time,
he'll most likely be
a Christmas special pardon.
-Are you crying?
-Are you insane?
You need to speak nicely.
Please, you bastard.
Seriously...
Anyway,
tell him not to be too disappointed
and to wait,
and that there will be good news.
What if he doesn't get it again?
We can't do that to him again.
I won't tell him.
That's right.
Let's not tell him. Let's not.
If he doesn't get it again,
how would we face him?
Goodness...
It's okay.
I'm fine.
You should sleep.
You didn't sleep at all last night.
Sure.
Really?
Are you sure he's a candidate?
You are sure?
That's what the warden heard.
We have to wait for the announcement.
The Ministry of Justice
announces special pardons.
All we have are rumors until then.
Anyway, you can't tell Min-chul, okay?
Let's not break his heart twice.
Is Captain Na a psychopath? I heard he
nonchalantly said, "Sorry," to Min-chul.
That's why I can't keep from cursing
when I see him.
I can't refrain from cursing.
You curse at everyone else too.
They make me curse.
Do we not curse because we don't want to?
You'll get screwed one day
because of your cursing.
You think you can be
a refined corrections officer
who doesn't curse
for the rest of your life, right?
Give it a few more years. Let's talk then.
I curse too, when I have to.
But I don't call everyone a "bastard"
like you do.
Exactly.
Let's talk after a few more years.
Hey.
Is this a plastic model?
Yes. Why did you try to eat it?
I got it to look at.
Why did you get noodles to look at?
Maybe Captain Na has a past
that we don't know about.
Otherwise, how could a person
have no empathy whatsoever?
There must be something. Right?
No, he doesn't.
He's just not that type of person.
HYEONG-SU NA
CORRECTIONAL OFFICERS' CREED
-Straighten your tie.
-Yes, sir.
A lanyard should be worn around your neck.
Yes, sir.
HYEONG-SU NA
It's so cold.
-So cold.
-Shoot.
PERSONAL EFFECTS
HAN-YANG YOO
SEOBU PENITENTIARY
It's your last visitation.
You have three days left, right?
-Yeah, I have three days left.
-You must be happy.
I'll visit often. Don't get yourself
in trouble before then, okay?
You worry me the most here.
You're the biggest ticking time bomb.
Je-hyeok, that man...
Is he a lunatic?
No. He is someone
who accumulates beatings.
Han-yang's visitation is canceled.
Plus, ten days in the hole
for insulting a guard.
-Quiet. Don't jinx me.
-Too late.
You bastard.
Let's see if you can get out...
I'll tack on 1,800 years to your sentence.
What? 1,800 years? Watch what you say.
Watch it, you bastard.
"You bastard"? Why you bastard...
Oh my god.
He broke my arm. God, this hurts.
Help me. He's trying to kill me.
Lieutenant Paeng is killing me.
Help me.
Give it a rest.
What's taking you so long?
Ji-won is waiting.
Bang!
Min-chul.
-Are you okay?
-Of course, I'm okay.
I forgot it already.
I was out of line. I should be grateful
just for the fact
that I'm still alive and well.
I was being too greedy for a moment.
I'm sorry.
I've lived here for 22 years.
I'm sure the remaining three years
will fly by.
I'm fine.
Having you curse on my behalf
is good enough for me.
Thank you, sir.
You know...
Never mind.
Great!
-Play dumb.
-Of course.
He'd be hurt again.
I really hope he gets it.
They'll announce it soon.
You haven't seen Chief Yeom, right?
I have no reason to.
I don't go for my labor assignment,
and all I do is train.
He's a real snake.
You really need to be careful, okay?
I'm sure he's looking for a way
to make money.
He's always been obsessed with money.
That's right, he's obsessed with money.
I'm sure he's busy looking for an inmate
who's rich and a sucker.
Me?
I have no money.
I'll be careful.
Hey, Sang-jae.
Funny seeing you here.
Hello, sir.
Druggies are good
at bringing in financiers.
But they're sloppy
in carrying out the plan.
Still, now that they're gone,
my source of income is gone.
Sang-jae.
Show what you can do.
You still have gambling debt, right?
That was so long ago.
I have less than 100 million won left.
How about Je-hyeok Kim?
Shall we go after him
and squeeze 300 million won from him?
To him, 300 million won is chump change.
He's such a loose cannon
he may bite you if you piss him off.
You need to plan it well.
That's all.
Where's Je-hyeok Kim?
Why? You want his autograph?
Yes. I'm a fan.
Je-hyeok Kim
is my favorite player.
Gosh. I feel sorry for you.
He doesn't work here anymore.
I hear he'll focus on the training
in the greenhouse training facility.
"Greenhouse training facility"?
Yes, greenhouse training facility.
You didn't know?
He has a personal training facility.
The warden made it for him.
It's pretty nice.
He has almost every exercise equipment
he needs there.
I see.
Wait at the budae jjigae restaurant.
Who says I'm coming?
I'll be waiting at home.
Hey.
Don't laugh.
You're so mean, playing with my emotions.
I don't want you to see me
walking out of prison.
My dad too. So, let's meet
at the budae jjigae restaurant.
My dad will go there too.
-What about your mother?
-She won't come.
Even when her mother passed away,
she went to the restaurant.
She'll never come.
You're really done with drugs, right?
Can't you tell?
I'm really done.
Trust me.
Say, "Yes." Go on.
Yes, I trust you.
I'll give you a present.
I'll give it to you when you get out.
What is it? What's the present?
What? What is it? Tell me.
I'll give it to you when you get out.
Give it to me now. I want it now.
What is it? What's the present?
What could it be?
-What is it?
-Visitation over.
-Please exit for the next visitation.
-Hey.
I'm leaving. See you on the outside.
Hey. Be quiet.
Ji-won! What's the present?
Tell me! I'll die!
I'll die from curiosity!
Ji-won!
Hey, Ji-won!
-What? What is it? Okay.
-Ji-won.
-No, no. He'll be back.
-Let go.
Yes, yes. He'll be back.
-Ji-won!
-Why are you so heavy?
Is it very cold out, ma'am?
The weather is the same.
You know the weather from there.
It's the same.
No, ma'am.
It's different. It is very different.
Even if it is the same "outside,"
it is colder in here.
That is how prison is, ma'am.
I said to stop being so formal.
Stop being so formal.
Or I won't come anymore.
It's very difficult for me.
I'll try.
I'll try...
I'll try, ma'am.
Fine. I'll do that.
Anyway,
why me?
There are several other inmates here
who were here for many years.
Why did you want to interview me?
Do you...
know me?
No. How would I know you?
Are you...
by any chance...
my daughter?
You're...
my daughter,
aren't you?
Yes.
I'm your daughter.
How...
How could this... How...
How could this be?
WINTER 1995
Weren't they expensive?
They're counterfeit.
Then I'll take them.
-Okay.
-That's right. I have something to say.
What is it?
No. Later. I'll tell you tonight.
Have a nice day.
You're so silly.
Wait. I really have something to say.
What? What is it? The sun is going to set.
I love you.
You brat. That's stupid... I'm leaving.
Lock up.
Okay. Bye.
Bye.
You bastard!
Die!
CERTIFIED FAMILY RECORDS
Number 11, please proceed to Window 5.
Two copies of my family record, please.
I guess you got a scholarship.
How did you know?
Three national scholarship recipients
came before you.
I see. The school requested it.
Why else would someone your age
need your family record?
Here. That'll be 2,000 won.
Thank you.
Mom.
FATHER: MIN-CHUL KIM
You said Dad was in heaven.
I'll tell you everything in person.
I'll go to Seoul tomorrow morning.
No, Mom. Tell me now. Tell me.
I hear he's at Seobu Penitentiary.
He's in prison.
Just pretend he doesn't exist.
Nothing has changed.
You and I can live happily on our own
as we have been.
I'm sorry
I couldn't tell you all this time.
Your dad committed a huge crime,
but I don't hate him.
He was a good person.
He was incredibly good to me,
and I liked him a lot.
So, you are our precious child
that your mom and dad
were blessed with out of love. Understand?
Hello? Is this Seobu Penitentiary?
WAITING ROOM FOR VISITATION
Hello.
Not that either.
Hi.
Min-chul Kim's visitor.
Come in.
Okay.
You're going?
Goodness. Don't do it.
Don't.
He'll be shocked.
Don't do it.
I want to see him for myself.
My dad.
I want to check for myself whether or not
he's a good person.
WING 6A HELPER
He uses
an entire greenhouse in the prison
as a personal training facility?
Yeah, that's preferential treatment.
Nice.
TRAINING
I'll meet secretly with Je-hyeok Kim.
How? He has a lot of gnats surround him.
That's what an errand boy is for.
I'll take care of it.
Also,
I may really go public with this,
so please prepare a reporter
that you can control.
An easy reporter who will write,
"Despicable Star Je-hyeok Kim,
Who Abuses His Fame."
Hey. Can I catch one?
Seeing you, I feel like I can do it too.
Four, three, two, one.
I think I broke a finger!
Hey! How do you catch these?
Doesn't it hurt?
It doesn't hurt.
You cyborg bastard.
Jailbird, scram! Je-hyeok is waiting.
Yes, sir.
He should be able to make a comeback
sooner than expected.
I really think
he'll reach mid-140s easily.
I don't want much.
I want him to take the mound
at least once.
Shouldn't he take a break?
He may wear out his right shoulder
before he gets to use it properly.
Shoot. What do I say?
Hey. You try to stop him.
Je-hyeok, when is Ji-ho coming to visit?
Is she not coming?
Why isn't she coming?
His Achilles heel is his girlfriend
right now.
My Achilles heel is also my girlfriend.
When should I tell him?
Aren't you eating? You should eat today.
Okay.
Slow down.
Thanks.
Looks like the drugs
finally left your system.
You got fit too.
It's because of the IV.
Drugs work quickly on me.
If you take drugs one more time
and come back here,
I may really kill you.
Why would I come back?
I really quit doing drugs.
He's being polite.
I guess he's back to his senses.
Anyway, aren't you going to throw me
a farewell party?
Do I just leave like this?
A fare well party, my ass.
Like you did anything good.
What is there to celebrate?
What?
Oh, right. Where did it go?
Why you...
Hey!
Hey. Open up.
Open up, you shit!
Are you nuts? Would you open it?
I will not, you bastard.
I guess this is the last time
we'll see that.
I hope Han-yang will be okay
on the outside.
He will be.
He's normal if he doesn't take drugs.
You're right.
As long as
he doesn't take drugs,
he's normal and a good kid.
I'm not that easy.
Drugs. That's the problem.
It isn't that easy to quit.
Not at all.
GENUINE REFORM, BRIGHT FUTURE
Hello.
Hi, Ji-won. You came early.
-Yes. Please, have a seat.
-Okay.
Did you take a cab?
No. I came in my wife's car.
Honey, over here.
Han-yang is going to faint.
Hello.
You poor thing. You couldn't even sleep
because of your loser friend.
That asshole. Wait until he gets out.
I'll slap him silly with tofu.
It's a way to express her love.
It's a bit much, right?
My life sucks. It sucks.
CLOSED
MASTER YOO'S SPICY SHORTRIBS
CLOSED FOR THE DAY
Our son is being released.
Please congratulate us.
We will raise him well
to be a good person.
Go on.
I know I said not to wait here,
but still...
They really didn't.
They listen so well.
OCTOBER 27TH
FRIDAY 5:10 A.M.
What's taking him so long?
He needs to say bye to the guards,
and there's a process,
so it may be taking a while.
He'll be here soon. Don't worry.
Hi.
Here.
You son of a bitch.
Shit.
Han-yang Yoo. Police.
You're under arrest for the use
and possession of illegal drugs.
You have the right to remain silent.
You have the right to an attorney.
Let's go.
Good work.
SONGYI BUDAE JJIGAE
OPEN
A broadcast shared with 50,000 inmates.
I am Min-joo Lee, your host
of the Borami Broadcast.
We will start the last day of October
with Yong Lee's "Forgotten Season."
The start of winter
is just around the corner.
How about working on your physical fitness
in order to be healthy
during the long winter?
Please have a great day.
Hold tightly, will you?
How can I hold any tighter?
Lose some weight!
What?
Are you pissed off again?
You get pissed off so easily lately.
I'm not. Forget it.
I'll just ask Je-hyeok to do it later.
He's busy.
I'm sorry. I really am.
I'll do it. Come here.
Come on, don't be like that.
Stop it. I mean it.
I'm really pissed off, okay?
Min-chul, visitor.
She comes every day.
Okay.
Let's go.
Nice, Boss. Nice!
What is it? How dare you come here?
Je-hyeok Kim.
The warden wants to see you.
As expected, you aren't intimidated.
I knew I'd see you eventually.
What do you want?
A lot.
I want a lot...
from you.
You're getting out soon, right?
You signed with Nexen and everything.
You must be in a good mood,
but I want to kill that mood a little.
A reporter close to me
keeps asking for a present,
so I want to give him one.
"Superstar Je-hyeok Kim Receives
Special Treatment in Prison.
He uses a greenhouse alone
as a personal training facility.
The guards also give Je-hyeok Kim
preferential treatment."
You know, this is...
So?
What do you want?
What else?
Money.
I want 300 million won.
What? That's nothing to you.
This is my account number.
Deposit it this week.
Otherwise, Nexen will be in a pickle.
The player they signed
will have a crappy rep.
Hey!
Boss.
-Yes?
-I put the blanket down. You should sleep.
Sure.
-Thanks.
-Not at all.
Also, I put some money
into your commissary account.
It's the pay for being my catcher.
I'll give you more next month.
Thanks for your hard work.
Jung-woo.
You haven't heard back from them
regarding the retrial, right?
We have to wait a lot more.
They say it usually takes
at least three months.
My gosh. Why does it take so long?
If you're granted a retrial, is it over?
Can you get out?
No.
It just means the petition is granted.
The actual trial comes afterward.
It's never-ending.
It never ends.
But if my petition for retrial is granted,
it means I'll likely win the retrial.
-I see.
-With a retrial,
it's more important
that the court grants it
and agrees with the reason
for the retrial,
rather than the actual retrial itself.
Of course, the likelihood of getting
the retrial granted...
is less than five percent.
Don't worry, Jung-woo.
You'll get it.
If you don't get it,
what's the use of laws in this country?
I know I shouldn't get my hopes up,
but I can't sleep
whenever I think about it.
The Truth Behind The Demon Captain's Case
The Three Soldiers Confess
Sergeant Oh Killed Private Park
The tone has changed overnight.
It's now "The Demon Sergeant Oh."
People are cursing him out.
"Asshole Sergeant Oh." "Killer Sergeant."
The world opened its eyes to the truth.
It feels so good.
Yes. I wondered
why there has been nothing in the news.
This is great.
This should've been in the papers sooner.
The Three Soldiers Confess
Sergeant Oh Killed Private Park
Jung-woo must be shocked.
I was going to tell him today
during the visit.
The article beat me.
A paper must've published it
in case they miss out on the scoop.
It's not bad. The comments are positive.
Maybe we should've leaked it sooner.
No. This is the perfect timing.
You did well.
We have to do anything and everything
that may help us get the retrial.
Anyway, I wonder where Sergeant Oh is.
I heard he quit his job.
I can't believe someone like that
entered a large corporation
and was working there.
I just can't believe it.
He's living in a hotel in Gangwon.
He's in a penthouse there.
He's doing just fine.
How do you know that?
Because I've been tracking that shit.
Whether or not we get the retrial,
whether or not we win the trial,
I want to beat the crap out of him
at least once.
We'll follow the law.
We'll do everything by the law,
but before I send him to jail,
I want to punch him at least once.
Otherwise, I'll lose my mind.
Thank you. I feel like
I've gotten much healthier.
What do you mean, "feel"?
I'm sure you did get healthier.
I'm glad she has a boyfriend.
She has someone to comfort her
during difficult times.
That guy is such a jerk.
She said the hot stone pot was hot,
but he touched it and pressed charges
because he got burned.
Chef Je-hee was really stressed out,
wasn't she?
She even went
to the police station recently.
When?
You know the day it was supposed to be
the first snowfall, but it rained instead.
You must feel so much better,
since he dropped the charges today.
You heard, right?
Yes.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Okay. Thank you for your hard work.
-Thank you.
-Sure.
Bye.
It's warm.
I hugged it all the way here
to give it to you.
What the heck?
I was there when you took it
out of the warmer.
I was at the convenience store too.
Oh, really?
-Joon-ho.
-Yes?
I did something.
What? What did you do?
I want to go to Gwangju
and open a small restaurant in my name.
That single-table restaurant
has always been my dream.
The real estate broker called today.
There's a place I looked at,
and they're selling it at a cheap price.
That's great.
You should feel honored.
I didn't even tell my mom.
You're the first person I told.
But Je-hee,
will you tell me only the good stuff
and not tell me the bad stuff?
I heard a customer pressed charges
and you even went to the police station.
Why don't you tell me things like that?
I can suffer alone.
I don't need to make you suffer too.
Hey. I'll worry about myself.
Why are you worrying about me?
I didn't know you were having
such a hard day,
and babbled about going skiing,
and how good the risotto was.
You must've been hurting so much.
Why are you making an idiot
out of your boyfriend?
Je-hee.
From now on, tell me about unhappy,
difficult things too.
Of course, it'll worry me.
Yes, I'll be very angry
and very concerned
if something like that happens to you.
But still, I want to know.
I should know.
It's your life.
Okay?
Okay.
What a good girl.
You know,
even when you scold someone,
you're so sweet about it.
What?
You are so sweet.
I was wrong.
But since you said it like that,
I'm not upset at all.
That must be why you're my dream guy.
God...
I'm a good judge of character.
Right.
I won't let you go.
I'm so shameless.
Can I kiss you?
Time is ticking.
I heard you lost the scholarship.
Not that. Say something else.
I missed you.
You're wearing the ring again.
Of course. You gave it to me.
I didn't get the scholarship
when we got these rings too.
I was too distracted dating.
FALL 2015
MIRACULOUS HAND MASSAGES
Does it feel good?
I don't feel anything.
You did it hard, right?
I'll do it for you. Turn around.
That feels so good.
Incredible.
Hand.
Never take it off, okay?
Where's yours?
Tada.
I'll never take it off.
How can a pitcher wear a ring
all the time?
Wear it only when you see me, okay?
Okay.
Isn't it your exam period?
You have to study, right?
No, I don't have to study.
I can just wing it.
Should we go watch a movie?
-Sure.
-No.
-Let's drink.
-Sure.
Don't say "sure" to everything.
You may have to pitch tomorrow.
You're right.
You say "sure" to everything.
You're so soulless.
It's not that I'm soulless,
I just like everything.
I really like both.
As long as I'm with you, everything...
That's enough.
-The world...
-That's enough.
It's because I really...
You're making me cringe like crazy.
Stop it.
No, no. Don't talk.
-In the whole world...
-Stop it.
-I adore...
-Stop it!
What a pretty name. Eun-su Kim.
Mom says it's the name
she wanted to change her name to.
You know my mom's name, right?
Mi-suk Jeong.
It couldn't have been easy to come see me.
I'm a murderer,
and I'm in prison.
It must've been scary.
Mom said you were a good person.
You went to prison before I was even born,
but she said you were a good person.
I thought maybe she still liked you
or something.
I wanted to see for myself
what you were like.
After meeting you,
I see she was right.
Thanks.
Visitation over.
Please exit for the next visitation.
-I'll go now.
-You'll...
come back tomorrow, right?
Of course. I'll see you tomorrow,
Dad.
Dear Lord,
what did you do with all of my prayers
from the past 20 years?
I begged...
that she'd forget me...
and meet a nice man and live a happy life.
I begged so much.
How could you make me such a big sinner?
What am I supposed to do
about this big sin?
You knew, didn't you?
It's so that...
I'd repent much more, isn't it?
Now,
I don't resent or hate anyone
or anything anymore.
All I have left
are things to be thankful for.
Lord,
thank you so much for giving me
an angelic daughter.
I killed a man...
and didn't know...
I didn't even know
that my daughter was born.
Thank you so much...
for sending me
an angelic...
an angelic daughter who calls me Dad.
Thank you so much.
There's nothing more...
that I could possibly want.
Please let me see my daughter often...
If you'd let me...
see my daughter often,
I can live in jail
for the rest of my life.
I don't care.
Please, Lord.
Why were you praying for so long
in the church? God's busy.
I was thanking God.
I said I received all the blessings
in this world,
and that I don't care
if I rot in jail for the rest of my life,
and I thanked God like crazy.
That's what I was praying about.
Sorry,
God won't be able to grant you your wish.
Min-chul.
You're getting out
by a Christmas special pardon.
You're getting...
a Christmas special pardon.
Sorry?
Say that again?
Min-chul
is getting out
by a Christmas special pardon.
Min-chul was selected
for the Christmas special pardon!
Me! Me too!
All they must do is
manage the shared facilities,
and most have to take precautions
on their own.
There is a movement
for a better fire prevention system.
Next on the news.
The recipients of the Christmas
special pardon were announced today.
This Christmas season,
the Ministry of Justice decided to release
758 model prisoners
with excellent behavior.
Recipients include
Assemblyman Jeong-yeon Lee,
who was sentenced to two years
and six months for embezzlement,
and one of the accomplices of
the Songjin Club murders that stirred up
the nation in 1995, who was
sentenced to life, reduced to 25 years,
Kim, and others.
Each facility will receive
the list of awardees,
and the prisoners
will be released before Christmas.
You!
-You!
-What the fuck?
Have you lost your mind?
Shit. You crazy bitch...
Who the hell are you?
I'm Captain Jung-woo Yoo's big brother,
you son of a bitch.
Are you okay, ma'am?
Are you hurt?
Are you...
Private Park's mother?
I'm sorry.
I've said so many terrible things to you.
I'm truly sorry.
It's okay.
I understand...
how you felt.
The truth is,
after my son died,
I looked at his journal,
and he had written
about only one person.
It was...
how much he adored Captain Yoo,
and that he wanted to become...
a captain like him.
Back then,
none of it registered.
I couldn't make sense of any of it then.
But I get it now,
that Captain Yoo...
was the one person...
Jun-yeong trusted.
But we did...
such a terrible thing to that person.
I'm so sorry.
I'm truly sorry.
It's okay.
It's okay, ma'am.
We...
We understand.
I...
and Jung-woo...
understand everything.
ESTABLISH ORDER, FOSTER MORALITY
What?
I have no money.
You really are an idiot.
You didn't know that?
Also,
stop calling me here.
I'm busy, you bastard.
Let's go. I don't have a key.
Take me to my cell.
What?
That bastard.
RESTRICTED
Call the reporter.
Wow...
Je-hyeok Kim really is an idiot.
I told you he was a psycho.
Damn... Je-hyeok, that psycho freak.
Take a picture.
I already told the reporter,
and he's on standby,
but he needs a photo.
Get me a picture of the training facility.
Je-hyeok...
Incredible.
You're wearing the ring again.
Of course. You gave it to me.
I didn't get the scholarship
when we got these rings too.
I was too distracted dating.
But Ji-ho.
I have a problem.
What do I do?
If I tell the warden or Joon-ho,
that bastard will go
right to the reporter.
I want to go
and beat the crap out of him,
but that would only hurt me.
It's driving me mad.
Then, don't do it.
I mean, stop training.
Well...
I get out in two months.
I'm almost back in shape
and my speed is almost there.
But, I should stop training?
Je-hyeok.
Do you want to play baseball,
or do you want to be the best?
You're right.
You have two months left, right?
You have only two months left.
It took you so much to get here.
You can't ruin it all
because of that piece of shit.
You can make your comeback
two months later.
The world won't come to an end
because you can't train for two months.
Even if you make your return
two months later, your life will be fine,
so empty out that training facility
right now, okay?
Good boy.
Then, you can't train anymore.
No. Why should I clear out
your training facility? No.
It's okay.
I know people say
I'm getting preferential treatment.
I've trained enough up to now.
-Thank you.
-Who says it's preferential treatment?
Bring him to me.
I'll throw him into the hole.
It is preferential treatment.
You did give him preferential treatment.
I always thought it was improper.
Now that he said to empty it out,
I'll do it right now.
Is that okay?
God... He's so annoying.
I can't stand him.
What's wrong? Why are you running?
Jailbird.
He's in the hole.
He was caught dealing a banned drug,
and got 30 days in the hole.
Who ratted him out?
Chief Yeom.
That bastard ratted on him
directly to Correctional Service.
I help people denounce their crime
and repent.
What did you say, you bastard?
Let go. Let go of me! Let go!
Just let him bark away. Ignore him.
Why do you let him get to you?
-You can do that?
-Yes. I can!
Lieutenant Paeng will be disciplined
if he gets another demerit.
-Stay out of it.
-I knew his temper
would get him in trouble.
The cell's all split up.
Min-chul gets out tomorrow, right?
Je-hyeok Kim is leaving too.
What if our dear Captain Yoo
is left all alone?
Don't worry about me.
I'll get out soon too.
This came to my house,
saying he'll kill me if I testify.
-What is that?
-Did something come
for Jung-woo Yoo?
I'm sorry.
So, who's the next target?
I'll take care of it. I'll handle it.
Handle what? Don't do it.
You're almost there.
Je-hyeok Kim.
Pay it back with your body.
Come to the woodshop at midnight.
Come alone.
Nothing more should happen here.
You'll stay with me
even if I quit baseball, right?